Fault zones can alter local permeability and thereby affect fluid flow
Fault-zone hydraulic conductivity is higher in the fault-strike
Classical analytical studies separate leaky and conductive faults
Coupled jump relations for drawdown difference and normal flux
Dimensionless flow equation with leaky conductive and
Laplace-domain groundwater flow equation
Laplace-Fourier groundwater flow equation
Piecewise dimensionless drawdown solutions for the aquifer in Eq. 12
Laplace-domain drawdown values in real space
Time-domain drawdown values of the proposed solution
Finite-element drawdown and flux fields around the fault interface
Grid-dependency evidence for drawdown and flux
Relative parameter importance across space and time
Drawdown log-derivative signal for fault-response timing
Field-conditioned aquifer and fault parameter set
Independently fitted isotropic transmissivity storage and baseline
Separate SEE MSE and MAE values for the proposed and Cooper-Jacob fits
Reported field-fit ordering across SEE MSE and MAE
The imperfect-interface model combines fault-core resistance with